Reboot Class Diagram and rename client libraries (#176)
eclipse-uprotocol/up-spec: README.adoc

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
----

== Overview

uProtocol is a communication protocol that enables software (uEs) to easily communicate with each other running in distributed systems. The protocol is designed to be lightweight, efficient, easy to use, and run on top of any other communication middleware (transport) such as SOME/IP, MQTT, zenoh, HTTP, etc...

To achieve the above mentioned objectives, we have split the specifications into sections (folders) that are:

 * link:basics/README.adoc[*The Basics:*] Foundational principles and concepts of uProtocol (ex. such as addressing, IDs, message header definitions, etc...). 

>  * link:up-l1/README.adoc[*Transport layer (uP-L1):*] Common interface for sending and receiving of messages intended to be implemented for a given underlining communication middleware technologies (ex. MQTT, SOME/IP, HTTP, Zenoh, etc...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * link:up-l1/README.adoc[*Transport layer (uP-L1):*] Common interface for sending and receiving of messages intended to be implemented employing a particular communication middleware technology (ex. MQTT, SOME/IP, HTTP, Zenoh, etc...).
```
